[CTOR-1482]-Refresh applications-active-directory-wsman doc page (#4184)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-active-directory-wsman.md

id: applications-active-directory-wsman
title: Microsoft Active Directory WSMAN
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Connector dependencies

The following monitoring connectors will be installed when you install the **Active Directory WSMAN** connector through the
**Configuration > Connectors > Monitoring Connectors** menu:
* [Base Pack](./base-generic.md)

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **Active Directory WSMAN** brings a host template:

* **App-ActiveDirectory-WSMAN-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="App-ActiveDirectory-WSMAN-custom" label="App-ActiveDirectory-WSMAN-custom">

| Service Alias | Service Template                        | Service Description                                                                   |
|:--------------|:----------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Dcdiag        | App-ActiveDirectory-Dcdiag-WSMAN-custom | This check makes to diagnose the domain controller. It executes the command "dcdiag"  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Dcdiag        | App-ActiveDirectory-Dcdiag-WSMAN-custom | This check diagnoses the domain controller. It executes the "dcdiag" command.  |
```
